README.md, before:

# README.md Generator
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue) 

## Description 
The mission of this project was to create a README.md generator application using Node.js. It will be used every time I need to create a README.md file for a GitHub repository. It asks the user questions about their repository using the Node.js Inquirer module and the command line interface (CLI). Then a README.md template literal is created using the users answers to the inquirer prompts. Lastly, the README.md template literal is saved to a README.md file using the Node.js File system (fs) module. It only seemed appropriate to use this README.md generator application to generate the README.md file for this application. I added the screenshots and walkthrough video after generating the README.md file. The goal is to use this README.md generator for my future repositories.

## Table of Contents
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)


## Technologies Used
<ul>
   <li>JavaScript</li> <li>Node JS</li>
</ul>

## Installation
To install the README.md generator application you will have to fork the repository and then clone the repository to your local machine. Once you CD into the directory of the README.md generator you will need to install the inquire and fs modules. 

## Usage 
To run the README.md generator application after you install the required modules, you will have to enter the following command line: node index.js. Then the user will be prompted with 10 different questions about their repository. <ol> <li> What is your GitHub user name? </li> <li> What is your email address? </li> <li> What is the title of your project? </li> <li> Please provide a description for your application: </li> <li> Please provide the installation instructions for your application: </li> <li> Please provide instructions and examples on how to use your application: </li> <li> Please provide guidelines for other developers to contribute to your application: </li> <li> Please provide instructions on how to test your application: </li> <li> Which license will your project be using? </li> <li> Please select the technologies you used to create your application: </li> </ol> After the prompts are answered, the README.md file will be generated. 

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
My goal originally was to generate 100% of the README.md file using the application. However, I wasn’t able to generate the screenshots and walkthrough video using this application. If you would like to contribute to this repository and help improve it, your contributions would be welcomed. Please contact me via my contact information provided below. 

## Tests
There are no built-in tests for the README.md generator. The best way to test the application is to run it, answer the prompts, and see if your answers were correctly populated on the README.md file. If your README.md file was successfully created, you will see the following line in the CLI: “Your README.md file was successfully created!” 

## Questions
If you have any questions about this README generator application or to report any issues with the application please email me at charlesdalerobinson@gmail.com.
Please visit my github page to review my other repositories: [CDRobinsonIII](https://github.com/CDRobinsonIII)

Commit message:

Added YouTube video walkthrough of the README.md generator application to the README.md file.

README.md, after:

# README.md Generator
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue) 

## Description 
The mission of this project was to create a README.md generator application using Node.js. It will be used every time I need to create a README.md file for a GitHub repository. It asks the user questions about their repository using the Node.js Inquirer module and the command line interface (CLI). Then a README.md template literal is created using the users answers to the inquirer prompts. Lastly, the README.md template literal is saved to a README.md file using the Node.js File system (fs) module. It only seemed appropriate to use this README.md generator application to generate the README.md file for this application. I added the screenshots and walkthrough video after generating the README.md file. The goal is to use this README.md generator for my future repositories.

## Table of Contents
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)


## Technologies Used
<ul>
   <li>JavaScript</li> <li>Node JS</li>
</ul>

## Installation
To install the README.md generator application you will have to fork the repository and then clone the repository to your local machine. Once you CD into the directory of the README.md generator you will need to install the inquire and fs modules. 

## Usage 
To run the README.md generator application after you install the required modules, you will have to enter the following command line: node index.js. Then the user will be prompted with 10 different questions about their repository. <ol> <li> What is your GitHub user name? </li> <li> What is your email address? </li> <li> What is the title of your project? </li> <li> Please provide a description for your application: </li> <li> Please provide the installation instructions for your application: </li> <li> Please provide instructions and examples on how to use your application: </li> <li> Please provide guidelines for other developers to contribute to your application: </li> <li> Please provide instructions on how to test your application: </li> <li> Which license will your project be using? </li> <li> Please select the technologies you used to create your application: </li> </ol> After the prompts are answered, the README.md file will be generated. 

Here is a walkthrough video of the README.md generator application:
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-Exk0FZ0Ljg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
My goal originally was to generate 100% of the README.md file using the application. However, I wasn’t able to generate the screenshots and walkthrough video using this application. If you would like to contribute to this repository and help improve it, your contributions would be welcomed. Please contact me via my contact information provided below. 

## Tests
There are no built-in tests for the README.md generator. The best way to test the application is to run it, answer the prompts, and see if your answers were correctly populated on the README.md file. If your README.md file was successfully created, you will see the following line in the CLI: “Your README.md file was successfully created!” 

## Questions
If you have any questions about this README generator application or to report any issues with the application please email me at charlesdalerobinson@gmail.com.
Please visit my github page to review my other repositories: [CDRobinsonIII](https://github.com/CDRobinsonIII)
